docs: specify 1.12.0+ent incompat with nomad (#12883)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

well as the flag will be removed in upcoming Consul 1.13. We recommend changing your instrumentation to use 1.10 and later
style `consul.api.http...` metrics and removing the configuration flag from your setup.

> ### Nomad Namespace Incompatibility
> ### Nomad Enterprise users should not upgrade to Consul Enterprise 1.12.0
> Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a change that prevents Nomad Enterprise from removing services from non-default Consul namespaces. To avoid errors, we recommend that Nomad Enterprise users wait to update Consul Enterprise until we fix this issue in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Nomad Namespace Incompatibility

Nomad Enterprise users should not upgrade to Consul Enterprise 1.12.0. 

Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a change that prevents Nomad Enterprise from removing services from non-default Consul namespaces. To avoid errors, we recommend that Nomad Enterprise users wait to update Consul Enterprise until we fix this issue in a future release.
```
It may appear to readers that something is missing if we were to stack two H2s. I turned the second heading into a standalone paragraph so that it stands out with the explanation in the second paragraph.

well as the flag will be removed in upcoming Consul 1.13. We recommend changing your instrumentation to use 1.10 and later
style `consul.api.http...` metrics and removing the configuration flag from your setup.

### Nomad Namespace Incompatibility

> Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a bug that prevents Nomad Enterprise from

Reviewer: @boruszak - I see the rationale for using a callout box, but I think we might be better served changing the heading to something like "Breaking Change for Nomad Enterprise Users" and using plain formatting. Better guidance on text formatting and callouts are some of the style guide areas that we are trying to nail down.

> Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a bug that prevents Nomad Enterprise from

Author: I'm open to anything. Just let me know if you want a callout or new heading or both.

removing services from non-default Consul namespaces.

> Nomad Enterprise users should *not* upgrade to Consul Enterprise 1.12.0 and

Reviewer: I think we can soften this a little more and talk about a "change" (instead of a "bug") that will result in this behavior. We can say that we recognize that the change may negatively impact Nomad uses, so will address it in a future release. I think it's good to be transparent and proactively let users know that something may not work as intended, but we don't want to create the impression that we're not careful. Interested to hear other's opinions.

> Nomad Enterprise users should *not* upgrade to Consul Enterprise 1.12.0 and

Author: But it is a bug.

> Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a bug that prevents Nomad Enterprise from
> removing services from non-default Consul namespaces.
> 
> Nomad Enterprise users should *not* upgrade to Consul Enterprise 1.12.0 and
> wait for 1.12.1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consul 1.12.0 Enterprise introduced a change that prevents Nomad Enterprise from removing services from non-default Consul namespaces. To avoid errors, we recommend that Nomad Enterprise users wait to update Consul Enterprise until we fix this issue in a future release.
```
